h1. PaperclipPolymorph

This plugin allows users of the Paperclip plugin to easily share attached files between 
multiple models. Essentially, polymorphic paperclip transparently saves the attached files
into a separate asset's table and associates the the model to the asset through a polymorphic
_attachings_ table.

The Paperclip Plugin must also be installed for PolyMorphicPaperclip to work.
Get paperclip here:
http://thoughtbot.com/projects/paperclip

h3. Example

<pre>
class PhotoEssay < ActiveRecord::Base
  acts_as_polymorphic_paperclip
end
</pre>
You can also add a counter_cache to your model if you wish.
<pre>
class Essay < ActiveRecord::Base
  acts_as_polymorphic_paperclip :counter_cache => true
end

@essay.assets.attach(@asset)
@essay.assets.asset.detach -or- @essay.assets.detach(@asset)
</pre>

h4. Pass Through Attributes

You can create attributes acts_as_polymorphic_paperclip that will pass through their values to the asset model:

In the assets table, create a field called description.

In the PhotoEssay model, add the attributes.  They should be prefixed with the name of the file data field:

<pre>
attr_accessor :data_description
</pre>

In the form:

<pre>
<%= f.text_field :data_description %>
</pre>

h4. Helper methods

There is one helper method so far used to determine if the asset can be displayed in a browser
<pre>
@essay.assets.first.browser_safe? # => returns true or false
</pre>
Copyright (c) 2008 PolymorphicPaperclip Mark Daggett, released under the MIT license
